#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% enables calculations
\usepackage{calc}

% increases the bottom float placement fraction
\renewcommand{\bottomfraction}{0.5}
\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage,fleqn
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans lmss
\font_typewriter lmtt
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Abstract"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 2
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Small-scaled software engineering companies have an unstructured or even
 absent quality assurance process.
 The reasons are the lack of specialized staff and the need to hit the bottom-li
ne profit margin.
 This paper pursues the goal to determine adequate quality assurance processes
 by regarding the special needs and conditions for small software engineering
 companies.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The results of this paper can help development leads or managers to design
 the product creation process to be more valuable and profitable.
 The found methods are applicable to generalized staff with the assistance
 of convenient software tools.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I defined four requirements for small-scaled software engineering companies
 and split the product creation process into two parts.
 The literature research examined several papers in the field of software
 quality assurance and found six methods which match the defined requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The outcome shows that all suggested models target the reduction of costs
 in creating a software product by investing in staff education, tool licensing
 or changing processes.
 The potential for increasing the efficiency in the Requirements & Specification
s phase is high.
 The precise economical influence of all those methods lies open to further
 research
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Abstract} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
adds table of contents entry
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
