#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% increases link area for cross-references and autoname them
\AtBeginDocument{\renewcommand{\ref}[1]{\mbox{\autoref{#1}}}}
\addto\extrasenglish{%
 \renewcommand*{\equationautorefname}[1]{}
 \renewcommand{\sectionautorefname}{sec.\negthinspace}
 \renewcommand{\subsectionautorefname}{sec.\negthinspace}
 \renewcommand{\subsubsectionautorefname}{sec.\negthinspace}
 \renewcommand{\figureautorefname}{Fig.\negthinspace}
 \renewcommand{\tableautorefname}{Tab.\negthinspace}
}

% in case somebody want to have the label "Equation"
%\renewcommand{\eqref}[1]{Equation~(\negthinspace\autoref{#1})}

% that links to image floats jumps to the beginning
% of the float and not to its caption
\usepackage[figure]{hypcap}

% the pages of the TOC is numbered roman
% and a pdf-bookmark for the TOC is added
\let\myTOC\tableofcontents
\renewcommand\tableofcontents{%
  \frontmatter
  \pdfbookmark[1]{\contentsname}{}
  \myTOC
  \mainmatter }

% makes caption labels bold
\setkomafont{captionlabel}{\bfseries}
\setcapindent{1em}

% enables calculations
\usepackage{calc}

% fancy page header/footer settings
\renewcommand{\chaptermark}[1]{\markboth{#1}{#1}}
\renewcommand{\sectionmark}[1]{\markright{\thesection\ #1}}

% increases the bottom float placement fraction
\renewcommand{\bottomfraction}{0.5}

% avoids that floats are placed above its sections
\let\mySection\section\renewcommand{\section}{\suppressfloats[t]\mySection}
\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage,fleqn
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans lmss
\font_typewriter lmtt
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your title"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 2
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\branch NoChildDocument
\selected 0
\filename_suffix 0
\color #ff0000
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Left Header
Giuliano Grassi
\end_layout

\begin_layout Right Header
SQA Process-Tailoring 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
linebreak[1]
\end_layout

\end_inset

for Small-Scaled Software Engineering Enterprises
\end_layout

\begin_layout Center Footer

\end_layout

\begin_layout Right Footer
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thepage
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

of 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pageref{LastPage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The central purpose of this research is to find appropriate SQA methods
 for two development cycles, namely Requirements & Specification and Design
 & Implementation, which satisfy the requirements of small scaled software
 engineering companies.
 The defined requirements are as follows 1) Tools over processes 2) Applicable
 to generalized staff 3) Not depending on development frameworks  4) Cost
 and time efficiency.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This literature research examined in chapter two several papers dedicated
 to different topics of the SQA optimization.
 The major goal was to compare different SQA models and find six models
 which fit to the defined development cycles and requirements.
 The subsequent task of evaluating each of the six models against the defined
 requirement is another elementary work found in chapter three.
 A summary over all found models in relation to the requirements represented
 in two matrices provides a quick overview.
 At the end of the chapter the fantasy project got analyzed and the selected
 SQA models were taken as a base for consulting.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One of the main findings shows that in the Requirements & Specification
 phase in chapter three a Knowledge-Based System to manage the requirements,
 provides the needed information quality for the decision making.
 To produce high quality requirements its essential to create an effective
 review and acceptance process for the requirement creation.
 An other important aspect is the allocation of responsibilities to different
 divisions to forecast resources and determine possible synergy potential.
 The discovered methods for the Implementation & Design phase ensure that
 the elaborated requirements get transformed into the requested features
 or services.
 The first finding focuses on the code review process to eliminate the source
 of errors or architectural problems in an early an phase.
 The second finding suggests a model to support the testing engineers in
 the prioritization of testing activities by processing project data into
 significant heuristics.
 The third proposal is directed towards the important aspects to focus on
 in mobile application development as usability evaluations or user feedback.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To find the appropriate tools for one model or a combination of different
 models exceed the amount of work for this paper.
 A possible area for future research could be the tool evaluation or definition
 for the proposed models.
 The research could focus on one side of all available tools which match
 the requirements and on the other side find possible vacancies of features
 to match the requirements.
 The gained results can be used to make a buying decision for the companies
 or consults the software vendors on providing insights about the identified
 market niche.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The composed models can be used as a crash barrier for project managers,
 software engineers or leaders of small software engineering companies to
 stake out the joint efforts in SQA.
 The proposed models will require initial investments in staff education,
 tool licensing or change management on process level.
 The main conclusion about the adaption of all proposed SQA models is, that
 all have in common to reduce the costs of creating a software product on
 long term base.
 The beneficial effect for the companies could put them in an economically
 good position.
 The field of investigation to answer this economically founded question
 lies open to further researches.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Branch NoChildDocument
status collapsed

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "thesisExample"
options "alpha"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset nomencl_print
LatexCommand printnomenclature
set_width "custom"
width "2.5cm"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
