#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble

\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage,fleqn
\use_default_options true
\master thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman lmodern
\font_sans lmss
\font_typewriter lmtt
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Acknowledgments"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 2
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Statement of authorship
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Acknowledgments} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
adds table of contents entry
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Except where reference is made in the text of this paper, this paper contains
 no material published elsewhere or extracted in whole or in part from a
 dissertation presented by me for another degree or diploma.
 No other person’s work has been used without due acknowledgement in the
 main text of the paper.
 This paper has not been submitted for the award of any other degree or
 diploma in any other tertiary institution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All sentences or passages quoted in this paper from other people's work
 have been specifically acknowledged by clear cross-referencing to author,
 work and page(s).
 Any illustrations which are not the work of the author of this dissertation
 have been used with the explicit permission of the originator and are specifica
lly acknowledged.
 I understand that failure to do this amounts to plagiarism and will be
 considered grounds for failure in this dissertation and the degree examination
 as a whole.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I declare that this document and the accompanying code has been composed
 by myself, and describes my own work, unless otherwise acknowledged in
 the text.
 It has not been accepted in any previous application for a degree.
 All verbatim extracts have been distinguished by quotation marks, and all
 sources of information have been specifically acknowledged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I hereby certify that this paper has been composed by me and is based on
 my own work, unless stated otherwise.
 This work has not been submitted for any other degree.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Signature:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace 1.5cm
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Giuliano Grassi
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
